Enable HF pretrained backbones (#31145)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/create_a_model.md

Set `use_pretrained_backbone=True` to load pretrained ResNet weights for the backbone.

```py
from transformers import MaskFormerConfig, MaskFormerForInstanceSegmentation

> config = MaskFormerConfig(backbone="microsoft/resnet-50", use_pretrained_backbone=True) # backbone and neck config

Author: Changed to the correct checkpoint

model = MaskFormerForInstanceSegmentation(config) # head
```

> You could also load the backbone config separately and then pass it to the model config.

Author: Removed as it's repeated and included in the section about loading pretrained backbones, but the example loads randomly initialized weights

```

</hfoption>
</hfoptions id="timm backbone">

[timm](https://hf.co/docs/timm/index) models are loaded within a model with `use_timm_backbone=True` or with [`TimmBackbone`] and [`TimmBackboneConfig`].

Use `use_timm_backbone=True` and `use_pretrained_backbone=True` to load pretrained timm weights for the backbone.

```python

> from transformers import MaskFormerConfig, MaskFormerForInstanceSegmentation, ResNetConfig
> 
> config = MaskFormerConfig(backbone="resnet-50", use_pretrained_backbone=True, use_timm_backbone=True) # backbone and neck config
> model = MaskFormerForInstanceSegmentation(config) # head

Author: ```suggestion
from transformers import MaskFormerConfig, MaskFormerForInstanceSegmentation

config = MaskFormerConfig(backbone="resnet50", use_pretrained_backbone=True, use_timm_backbone=True) # backbone and neck config
model = MaskFormerForInstanceSegmentation(config) # head
```

> from transformers import MaskFormerConfig, MaskFormerForInstanceSegmentation, ResNetConfig
> 
> config = MaskFormerConfig(backbone="resnet-50", use_pretrained_backbone=True, use_timm_backbone=True) # backbone and neck config
> model = MaskFormerForInstanceSegmentation(config) # head
> ```
> 
> Set `use_timm_backbone=True` and `use_pretrained_backbone=False` to load a randomly initialized timm backbone.
> 
> ```python
> from transformers import MaskFormerConfig, MaskFormerForInstanceSegmentation, ResNetConfig
> 
> config = MaskFormerConfig(backbone="resnet-50", use_pretrained_backbone=False, use_timm_backbone=True) # backbone and neck config
> model = MaskFormerForInstanceSegmentation(config) # head

Author: ```suggestion
from transformers import MaskFormerConfig, MaskFormerForInstanceSegmentation

config = MaskFormerConfig(backbone="resnet50", use_pretrained_backbone=True, use_timm_backbone=True) # backbone and neck config
model = MaskFormerForInstanceSegmentation(config) # head
```

Set `use_timm_backbone=True` and `use_pretrained_backbone=False` to load a randomly initialized timm backbone.

```python
from transformers import MaskFormerConfig, MaskFormerForInstanceSegmentation

config = MaskFormerConfig(backbone="resnet50", use_pretrained_backbone=False, use_timm_backbone=True) # backbone and neck config
model = MaskFormerForInstanceSegmentation(config) # head
```
